Create ui-c8y-1023-42-6-refactor-the-way-how-date-is-displayed-on-info-gauge.md (#4273)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1023-42-6-refactor-the-way-how-date-is-displayed-on-info-gauge.md

---
date: ""

> title: Refactor the way how date is displayed on info gauge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Info gauge widget now displays dates in consistent format with other dashboard elements
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YdSEScrEC
    label: Cockpit
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-65447
version: 1023.42.6
---

> Info gauge was displaying dates in different format than other elements of dashboards. Now it's aligned and all the formats are identical.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, the "Info gauge" widget displayed dates in a different format than other dashboard elements, creating inconsistency in how temporal information was presented across your dashboards. The date formatting has been standardized so that the "Info gauge" widget now uses the same date format as other dashboard components. This ensures a uniform and predictable experience and makes it easier to read and interpret temporal data consistently.
```
